[Autogenerated] So let us talk about eclipse and get first of all,
eclipse supports.
Get through the use of a pro Gehna that is,
in fact installed in the default installation of Eclipse itself.
So if you have downloaded the eclipse for Java E developers,
you do not need to download anything more.
Everything you need a tow work with git is already in your eclipse installation.
Eclipse also comes with an embedded version of Get.
So you do not need to have any separate installation of git.
Most off the get functionality za I exposed through the
graphical user interface of eclipse.
And this is what we are going to see you can still
use Get through the common liner.
If you're familiar with that, it also works perfectly well.
By the way, if you're not familiar with get itself,
you can check out to excellent courses are available here on Parasite How get works and mastering it made by Polo Perata